
## SmallCountRounding	1.0.3
* Workaround for old `R` versions where the `isFALSE` function is not defined.


## SmallCountRounding	1.0.2
* Improved behavior of the `identifyNew` parameter when the `maxRound` parameter is used. 
  - New description of the `identifyNew` parameter: 
                     When `TRUE`, new cells may be identified after initial rounding to ensure all rounded publishable 
                     cells equal to or less than `maxRound` to be `roundBase` multiples. Use `NA` for the a less conservative 
                     behavior (old behavior). Then it is ensured that no nonzero rounded publishable cells are smaller 
                     than `roundBase`. When `maxRound` is default, there is no difference between `TRUE` and `NA`.


## SmallCountRounding	1.0.0
* New function, `PLSroundingLoop`: PLSrounding on portions of data at a time.
  - The \code{\link{PLSrounding}} runs are coordinated by using preliminary differences as input for the next run (parameter `preDifference`)
* Parameters `zeroCandidates`, `forceInner`,  `preRounded` and `plsWeights` can now be specified as functions.
  - These cannot be supplied as vectors in `PLSroundingLoop`.
* New parameter, `allSmall`.
  - When TRUE, all small inner cells (`<= maxRound`) are rounded. A simplified alternative to specifying `forceInner`.
* Adaption needed after Matrix ver. 1.4-2 (not a user-visible change)

## SmallCountRounding	0.9.0
* New function, `PLSroundingFits`, for post-processing to expected frequencies
  - Expected inner cell frequencies are generated by iterative proportional fitting
* `plsWeights`	is new parameter to `RoundViaDummy` (and `PLSrounding`)
  - A vector of weights for each cell to be published or a function generating it. For use in the algorithm criterion. 


## SmallCountRounding	0.8.0
* Now, microdata input is allowed. This is due to
  - Allowing empty `freqVar` in input.
  - The new parameter `preAggregate`: When `TRUE`, the data will be aggregated beforehand within the function by the dimensional variables.
* It is possible to avoid handling hierarchical variables when using the formula interface.
  - This is a consequence of parameter `avoidHierarchical` to `Formula2ModelMatrix` in the SSBtools package.


## SmallCountRounding	0.7.0
* Now, a random generator seed is used locally within the function without affecting the random value stream in R.
  - Handled by `rndSeed`, a new parameter to `RoundViaDummy` (and `PLSrounding`). 
  - By default, `rndSeed = 123`. This means that repeated runs with equal input will result in equal output. 
  - To get back the old behaviour of the function, set `rndSeed` to `NULL`.
* Possible to return a single data frame: `"inner"` or `"publish"`.
  - Handled by `output`, a new parameter to `PLSrounding`. 
  - New wrapper functions, `PLSroundingInner` and  `PLSroundingPublish`.
* `dimVar`	is new parameter to `RoundViaDummy` and `PLSrounding`
  - The main dimensional variables and additional aggregating variables. This parameter can be  useful when hierarchies and formula are unspecified. 


## SmallCountRounding	0.6.0
* `preRounded`	is new parameter to `RoundViaDummy` (and `PLSrounding`)
  - A mixture of missing values and predetermined values of rounded inner cells


## SmallCountRounding	0.5.0

* Formula combined with hierarchies is now possible
  - This is a consequence of the function `HierarchiesAndFormula2ModelMatrix` in the SSBtools package
* `leverageCheck` and `easyCheck` are new parameters to `RoundViaDummy`
  - This provides protection against possible disclosure of small numbers by linear relationships (difference attack)
  - The function `Reduce0exact` in the SSBtools package is utilised
* `printInc` is new parameter to `PLSrounding` and `RoundViaDummy`
  - Whether to print iteration information to the console
* Possible to specify `removeEmpty=TRUE` to omit empty combinations
  -  Parameter to `Hierarchies2ModelMatrix` and `HierarchiesAndFormula2ModelMatrix` in the SSBtools package
* The parameter `inputInOutput` is also mentioned in the RoundViaDummy documentation 
  -  Parameter to same functions as above
  -  Can be used to specify whether to include codes from input
* A vignette, "Introduction to 'SmallCountRounding'", is included  

  
## SmallCountRounding	0.4.0

* Last version before any news
